Summary: 
Initially I loaded the 2010 State Drug Utilization Dataset, and then I did a "df.head(15)" to remind myself of how the data is structured.
Next, I printed out the Column Headings. 
After that I moved into prepping the dataset for the initial bar chart using the basic "plt" syntax to construct the visualization. 
I followed this up with constructing the next bar chart using seaborn. 
The first chart (using "plt" syntax) shows the relationship between the Prescription Totals for each of the Top 12 States by total count of prescriptions.
The next bar chart (using seaborn) shows the Top 5 Medication counts associated with the 2010 State Drug Utilization Dataset. 
Seaborn is does a better job of adding color and allowing other modifications to the chart presentation. 
Next, I used seaborn to construct a Cost Releationship for the Top Five Medications prescribed from this dataset. 
I followed this up with a basic "plt" plot of the same information to compare and contrast the two methods for chart construction.
Next, I tried the ".tail(5)" syntax coupled with the "barh" syntax for a baisc "plt" plot, again to draw a comparision between seaborn and basic plot syntax.
I followed this up with a seaborn "pairplot" to draw a comparision between the total number of prescriptions vs. the amount reimbursed to Medicaid. 
The scatter plot gives a better feel for how the number of prescription drugs can be visualized.
Next, I used seaborn to construct a boxplot with the intent of showing the difference between each quarter and the total number of prescriptions written.
While the plots give a graphic visualization, the plots are too squashed to give a prefect boxplot visualiazation of these two data points.
I followed up with trying to use seaborn once agin to construct a violin plot, but here again the output was too squashed to givea prefect visualiztion of the two data points (Medicaid Amount Reimbursed vs. Non Medicaid Amount Reimbursed).
Finally, I used a simple scatter plot between these two cost reimbursements in an effort to show the relationship between the two cost reimbursement methods.

PROFESSOR ISLAMAJ - DATA 612/SUMMER 2020
BRADLEY, ORREN/DATA_612_WEEK3_ASSIGNMENT
